Add `ArraySplice` and `OmitDeep` type (#816)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`IntRange`](source/int-range.d.ts) - Generate a union of numbers.
- [`ArrayIndices`](source/array-indices.d.ts) - Provides valid indices for a constant array or tuple.
- [`ArrayValues`](source/array-values.d.ts) - Provides all values for a constant array or tuple.

> - [`ArraySplice`](source/array-splice.d.ts) - Generates a new array type by removing `DeleteCount` items and/or adding `Items` at `Start` from the given array `T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`ArraySplice`](source/array-splice.d.ts) - Creates a new array type by adding or removing elements at a specified index range in the original array.
```
